Anni/add build changelog next (#18920)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelogs-next/12-22-2024-builds.mdx

---

> title: Enhance Builds with Build Caching and Watch Paths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Faster Cloudflare Workers Builds with Build Caching and Watch Paths
```

Lead with benefit

> description: Speed up your builds with build caching and streamline your monorepo workflows with build watch paths in Workers Builds (beta).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Speed up your builds with build caching and build watch paths in Workers Builds (beta).
```

Would simplify — benefit here is speed, for both.

products:
  - workers
date: 2024-12-22
---

![Build caching settings](~/assets/images/workers/platform/ci-cd/workers-build-caching.png)
![Build watch path settings](~/assets/images/workers/platform/ci-cd/workers-build-watch-paths.png)

We've added new features to [**Workers Builds**](/workers/ci-cd/builds/), the integrated CI/CD system for Workers (currently in beta), to improve build times and enhance monorepo support.

- **[Build Caching:](/workers/ci-cd/builds/build-caching/)** Cache dependencies and build outputs between builds with a shared project-wide cache, ensuring faster builds for the entire team.

- **[Build Watch Paths:](/workers/ci-cd/builds/build-watch-paths/)** Define paths to include or exclude from the build process, ideal for [monorepos](/workers/ci-cd/builds/advanced-setups/#monorepos) to target only the files that need to be rebuilt per Workers project.

> Both features are now available for Workers projects with Builds enabled. To get started, select your [Worker on the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) then go to **Settings > Builds**, and connect a GitHub or GitLab repository. Once connected, you'll see options to configure Build Cache and Build Watch Paths settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, select your [Worker on the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) then go to **Settings > Builds**, and connect a GitHub or GitLab repository. Once connected, you'll see options to configure Build Caching and Build Watch Paths.
```
